question what do you get if you cross
the sport of ice hockey and bobsledding
throwing in a bit of pulled across for
good measure the answer one of the most
thrilling and visually dynamic events on
the winter sporting calendar will crash
days is pretty much the craziest event
I've ever been to the speeds the
spectators to chumps it's a completely
new thing and it's just a big cake you
need to have a lot of speed first and in
a lot of stability so if you practice
other sports like ski model ski or
snowboard or motocross paying keep you
know keep balance in the air I can help
a lot and sure you do not afraid about
the track of it can be good thing
conceived back in 2001 the sport made
its debut in Stockholm Sweden but over
the ensuing eight years crashed ice has
come to call Quebec City its own each
January the townspeople streets are
reconfigured into a nice track that
delivers a series of hairpins big air
jumps bank turns and stomach dropping
verticals the track kind of changes
every year because we listen to our
athletes the production team we work
very closely with them to address any
concerns then may have been with
sections of the course too hard too
steep corners too tight maybe so we
listen to all that and this year we
truly feel like we have one of the best
courses we've had in Quebec City most of
the skaters think that we finally nailed
it as far as having a really good mix of
stunts and features and sections that
allow for skate ability which could open
up some passing opportunities and allow
the faster skaters to move ahead you
know through the course of the race so
we think we have a really strong course
of trip this particular incarnation to
track measured 550 meters in length with
organizers working twenty-four/seven
before it was ready to host its
international field of athletes
we have a huge mix of competitors to
know we host qualifiers nationally
across Canada and then this year's event
we have 12 international competitors
from all over the world austria finland
submitted entire team this year we have
a one athlete from Japan the show which
are really excited about Switzerland
we're looking pretty two women from the
US and that's been also something new
that's been out of this year for sure
ever in rebel crushed ice we have a
women's specific category I'm stoked
absolutely stoked anything to get my
blood pumping for you know extreme
anything extreme it's I'm all for it so
I was really excited that women are
finally able to do this Carrie Anne
Wallace had every reason to be excited
as a rule out approach on the track
guided to straight into the main event
qualifying in first position meanwhile
the men's side of the draw was dominated
by defending champion are to fear line
and the fing completing the course in a
blistering time 47.4 five seconds
yesterday the ice wasn't so good but our
today they have made the ice better so
it's fast there are lots of guys other
finished guys are to do so so there's
like a bunch of cars between this there
are a lot of Canadian guys who who are
like big and strong but ah in that car
from the speed is high and you have
bumps and jumps are like different
obstacles you need to like to be a child
with the light starting to warm up ahead
of the main knockout event the fin was
joined by the 63 next fastest qualifiers
and more than 150 thousand spectators
drugs make it and in part from the
beautiful buildings in the architecture
that you know make up the backdrop of
this entire course the people of Quebec
City have embraced this event and if
you're here to witness saturday night
when things go live it's it's electric
in the air there's so much energy with
that many people all cheering for the
favorite people bang the boards it's
it's it's amazing
the biggest cheers of the evening
inevitably caring for local favorite
Christian Papillon I start annoying
crash ice in 2007 I finished fifth year
and then I'm came back here in 2008 last
year and I finished that my expectation
from that from this year's is certainly
finished first or a podium for sure
perhaps Papillon might have spoken a
little too soon however as these
challenges brought to a shuddering halt
in the semi-finals fortunately the
quebecer walked away unscathed from the
impact and before long the pod sang
crowd have plenty to cheer anyways as
carrie Anne Wallace skated away with the
inaugural women's crashed ice title well
I think that girls are going to see that
they can do it so I think me anymore
might sign up and have a little more
confidence seeing that others have done
it already it was left to the men's
final to bring the curtain down on a
dramatic weekend of action and as
expected villains are to appear line and
secured his second straight victory in
some style usually you fall down least
once or twice but ah I got five clean
around so it looks like just so great